Sword Doctor Unparalleled
What are you doing?
Chop the sky and ask for the sword
Dad, I said everything except Yuyang
I will not marry anyone
It's up to you
I have sent invitations
Tonight is the engagement party
You have to marry
You have to marry if you don't marry
Van, why do you have to push me like this?
I'm doing this for your own good too.
Xie Shao's father was the governor of southern Xinjiang
His grandfather is even a devotee of the Immortal Palace
Marrying him is no more than marrying Li Yuyang
Dad?
No matter what you say, I will not marry Xie Shizhao
I like Yuyang
Oh, I forgot to tell you.
Invitations to an engagement party
I also gave Li Yuyang a pair.
I guess he's giving up on you now
Answer: Why do you have to do this?
Why can't I do that?
I just made Li Yuyang stop thinking about you
Let him never come to you again in his life
Li Yuyang comes to propose marriage